I am a big believer that children are
our future I learned it from a song when
I was in children the truth is the
results of this election are going to
affect them more than affect us so
tonight I assembled a group of actual
kids a focus group if you will to get
their thoughts on Clinton versus Trump
[Music]
oh hello young people did you enjoy the
debate yes yeah what did you like best
about it I don't really even have
anything that was - it's Heidi so you
like the whole thing no cuz they argue a
lot
they did argue a lot what were they
arguing about they're arguing about who
should be President and they were just
saying you're no good at this
no but he's no good at that but she's no
good at this
do you think that was nice hello pretty
annoying
it was annoyed II think they were both
being rude yes don't jump was talking
over Hillary when you're in school are
you allowed to talk when other people
are talking no but you guys just did all
talk at the same time right right right
do you think Hillary Clinton went to
Donald Trump's wedding nah guess what
she did go why at one time they were
friends what yeah I don't know I don't
know what happened can you believe that
Oh what vegetable do the candidates
remind you of he reminds me of a carrot
she looks like an onion that's what I
felt so we got an onion and a carrot now
if you had to eat one of the candidates
would you rather eat an onion or a
carrot okay all right can I we're not
going to care it cuz onions are spicy
alone I see I want to show you some
photographs and I like you to tell me
who the people in the photographs are
okay who is this guy thanks Washington
do you know nope ever seen funny
is this George Clooney no it's not
George Clooney it's not a not named
George
it's not named wards that can give you
what does it start with it starts letter
T as in Tim and his last name starts
with letter K as in Cain Kincannon Tim
cannon your clothes it's Tim Cain he is
he is Hillary's running mate he would be
vice president if Hillary wins looks
like he looks like a mushroom
okay how about this guy look Paul
something Paul something this is Mike
Pence oh yeah you know who he is
no he's me if Donald Trump and he was
gonna be the vice president right he is
Donald Trump's running mate do you like
his face well I I think Mike Pence is
like more friendlier than Donald
describing their faces
'i'm from just look at his face Donald
Trump seems like he's losing his mind
every day do you think you would be a
good president I'd rather not be because
it would be a hard job what kind of job
do you want to have I kinda like the
sort of easy job Andy what's an easy job
Broadway oh I love Broadway stop
interrupting me
um well an easy job would be like like
putting a flags I guess putting up flags
you're gonna be a flag put her upper ah
yes yes yes who makes a better president
a man or a woman alone a woman a woman
why are women better than men well I
think it's time for a new girl present a
new girl president needs Zooey Deschanel
Oh time I think it's time for our first
roll president cuz all the other 44 men
you are gonna get a lot of action with
that attitude
are you guys boyfriend-girlfriend oh
don't ask I think I happened upon
something what do you think Frankie oh I
don't know when I don't even know the
sky oh right next door
I know but I don't know him you're
holding hands no one oh no we were
pretty sure you were holding hands
what is that a funny yeah like it's okay
yeah but you do care very much this is
just awkward yeah this is hey wish you
would stop burning bubbly young tab
boyfriends
I know I just feel young that boyfriends
but Quinn is old enough that what
girlfriend are you thinking about her
right now
uh-huh just call him honey
[Music]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you enjoyed the
video hit subscribe and if you don't
click subscribe
this invisible hamster will die